This document details the steps necessary to create a simple report.

Reports in Flare are used by the Reporting System to provide an overall view
of a particular set of data managed by Flare. Examples of reports include

	- Most active visitors
	- Denied hosts
	- Users who are close to quota
	- and groups who are close to quota

More reports can be created at will to address any further information you
wish to collate for managerial purposes and show to those in charge.

Flare uses a very simple API for reports. The following rules should be
adhered to, so as to make sure everything functions properly.

1. All reports should be self contained in a single file

2. This file should follow the naming convention below

	report.report_name.php

   Make sure to include the word 'report' at the beginning of the filename

3. Reports should be placed in the Reporting System's "reports" folder
   inside of the "extensions" folder in Flare. Typical installs will locate
   this folder at the following relative path

	extensions/Reporting_System/reports/

4. A reports templates should be placed in the "reports" folder inside
   the admin templates location. Typical installs will locate this folder
   at the following relative path

	templates/default/templates/admin/reports/

5. Reports should be a single class

	class report_name

6. This class must have at least 2 variables

	private report_name	(Not to exceed 64 characters)
	private report_desc	(Not to exceed 255 characters)

7. The above two variables should be assigned in the class constructor.

8. All reports must include a install, uninstall, show and run methods. These
   must all be public methods.

	public function install()
	public function uninstall()
	public function show()
	public function run()

9. get and set methods should be used for all variable assignment and retrieval

	public function __get( $key )
	public function __set( $key, $value )

By sticking to this clear API, Flare should have no trouble recognizing your
report and installing it correctly.

The purpose of the show and the run is to direct any actions intended to be sent
to the report and to act on those actions. If you are familiar with the design of
Flare, you'll note that I repeatedly use the concept of index files to contain
switch statements to switch actions sent to the page.

A report's show() method works in exactly the same way. You should use this file
to import any variables that may be sent to the script, and it should act as the
traffic cop of your report. Normally you would call the run() method from inside
the show method.

The run() method is the meat and potatoes of the report. It is responsible for
processing the data you wish to report on. You should call it from inside the
show() method.

Reports are very simple to write if you know how you're going to go about getting
the data that you want, out of the database. To create a new report, simply start
by copying over one of the existing reports and modifying it to be a new report.

Change the report_name and report_desc as well as the class name. Also remove any
extra methods not specified above and modify the required methods to suite your
reports need.

That's all there is to creating new reports. When you have added a new one, simply
surf to the Reporting System's admin page and the new reports will automatically
be discovered and added to the system. Clicking their link will invoke their
show() method and you will be able to see the fruits of your labor.

Regards,
Tim Rupp
