Versioning
----------
At this point in time, the versioning in Flare works like such.
Flare's version number is in the format show below

	xx.yy.zz-svn alpha|beta|stable

- xx symbolizes major revision changes
- yy symbolizes significat revision changes
- zz symbolizes minor revision changes
- svn is the current subversion revision.
- the final part symbolizes the level of quality for this release.

Incentives
----------
The Incentives extension focuses on getting the Indiana Tech student body involved in the project.

Incentives offers...well...incentives, to anyone who has and wants to take the time to help us debug Flare.
The Flare system at Indiana Tech runs in two versions.
	- First, the stable version,
		This version is the version that 99.9% of the student body will use. It is the basic service that
		your first account is created on, and it is known to be stable. However it may have bugs in it
		just because no software is ever 100% perfect. You can distinguish this version from the other
		version by examining the interface. The stable version has a gray Flare and gray interface. Also,
		it doesn't have the huge "Bleeding Edge Technology" sticker slapped across the Flare logo.
	- Second, the bleeding edge version,
		This version is the completely open version of Flare that will probably only be used by die hard
		"bleeding edge technology" fans. We expect about 0.01% of the student body to use this version
		from time to time ( especially if they find they're running low on disk space and need the rewards
		from the incentive program to up their quota ). This version is _not_ stable and we do not endorse
		it's use for everyday tasks. You are allowed to create a free account on the system and experiment
		with the new features and find bugs. You can tell you are using the bleeding edge version because
		the entire Flare interface is red, as opposed to the stable ( gray ) interface. The logo is also
		a blood red, and has an ominous label across it that reads "Bleeding Edge Technology".
		
The current incentives list is shown below.

Note that you do not need to download and try to debug the source code to be able to find
bugs, ( although you will probably find more if you do ).


Current Incentives ( For most recent stable version )
------------------
1. If you find a reproducable bug and our dev team is able to verify that it truely is a bug, you will receive a
   personal disk quota increase of 30 meg.

2. If you find a 'one time only' bug, and through the efforts of our dev team we are somehow able to find it, you
   will receive a personal disk quota increase of 50 meg.


Current Incentives ( For bleeding edge version )
------------------
1. If you find a reproducable bug and our dev team is able to verify that it truely is a bug, you will receive a
   personal disk quota incease of 3 meg.

2. If you find a 'one time only' bug, and through the efforts of our dev team we are somehow able to find it, you
   will receive a personal disk quota increase of 1 meg. ( The major difference here is that 1 time bugs are extremely
   common in the bleeding edge system because we are constantly coding and updating the source repository with unstable
   code and fixes.)
