This document details the steps required to update the production code for Flare @ Tech

This procedure should be relatively straight-forward. Flare production code is maintained
using the Flare Subversion repository. To do any of the following commands, you will need
to have the following

- sudo access on Flare
- Make sure the Maintenance extension is installed
- Be an administrator of the Maintenance extension.

Once these requirements are met, you'll want to start the maintenance steps by doing the
following.

1. Log in under your account to the web frontend

2. Click the ADMIN link at the top left

3. Choose the Maintenance extension

4. Click the 'Maintenance Mode' button. This will activate maintenance mode. During this
   time, you will not be able to access any 'user' accessible pages, only admin accessible
   pages. All users will be directed to a Maintenance screen where they will be notified
   that Flare is undergoing routine maintenance. This maintenance mode will last for
   aproximately 2 hours or until you click the 'Deactivate Maintenance Mode' button.

Once you have finished the previous steps, the next step is to actually do the maintenance
that you planned on doing. Normally you'll be doing this from the Flare command line.
Therefore, log in to Flare via SSH and begin the following steps.

1. Change directory to

	/usr/local/apache2/htdocs/flare

2. Type the command to update the Flare sourcecode from the burning-edge repository

	svn update

3. Change the permissions on all the files back to be owned by the web user. This
   is important because the web user must be able to write to the template cache
   directory and several other directories. If this step is not done, then all
   update files will remain owned by root

	sudo chown nobody:nobody * -R

4. Remove several files and folders. The following files and folders need to be
   removed or else they could expose Flare to being hacked easier.

	rm setup.php
	rm setup/ -rf
	rm extensions/Accounts/install.php
	rm extensions/Authentication/install.php
	etc, etc, etc until you remove all the install files for extensions already installed

5. Finally, if any structural changes have been made to the database, make sure that you
   replicate those changes over to the Flare database. Failing to do this could screw things
   up big time.
